# Reference
<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

**Classes**

* [`geoip`](#geoip): puppet class to manage geoip

## Classes

### geoip

puppet class to manage geoip

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `geoip` class.

##### `packages`

Data type: `Array[String[1]]`

packages to install

##### `config_file`

Data type: `Stdlib::Unixpath`

location of config file

##### `account_id`

Data type: `Integer[0]`

account ID see https://www.maxmind.com/en/my_license_key

##### `licence_key`

Data type: `Pattern[/\d+/]`

Licence key see https://www.maxmind.com/en/my_license_key

##### `edition_ids`

Data type: `Array[Geoip::Edition_id]`

edition IDs of the databases you would like to update.

##### `database_dir`

Data type: `Optional[Geoip::Path]`

database dir, defaults to DATADIR

##### `host`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Host]`

The server to use. Defaults to "updates.maxmind.com".

##### `proxy_ip`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::IP::Address]`

The proxy host name or IP address

##### `proxy_port`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Port]`

The proxy host name or port defaults to 1080

##### `proxy_username`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

The user name to use with your proxy server.

##### `proxy_password`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

The password to use with your proxy server.

##### `preserve_file_times`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

Whether to preserve modification times of files downloaded from the server.
defaults to false

##### `lock_file`

Data type: `Optional[Geoip::Path]`

The lock file to use.
Defaults to ".geoipupdate.lock" under the DatabaseDirectory.

